What Cristiano Ronaldo’s Transfer To Manchester United From Juventus Means
As it was announced on Tuesday morning that Cristiano Ronaldo was officially a Manchester United player once more, fans of the club went into a state of ecstasy. 
An initial fee of 15 million, spread over the next five years, was agreed between Manchester United and Juventus, in what was a quickly concluded operation on Friday afternoon.
Ronaldo had been the subject of interest from across-town rivals Manchester City, but ex-players and Sir Alex Ferguson intervened to make sure that the Red Devils stepped in before it was too late.
While the Portugal international might be 36, it is clear that he can still play at the very top of world football having come off a European Championship campaign with his country which saw him score five goals. That is after a season of 40 goal contributions for Andrea Pirlo’s Juventus side in 44 appearances. 
Manchester United have made a clear statement of intent in re-signing Ronaldo, no matter the age he is at. Rival fans criticising him will only fuel him to sustain his ride at the top of the sport even longer, which is exactly what Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wants. Ronaldo has signed a two-year deal with an option of a third. 
It is a fantastic homecoming for Manchester United fans and Ronaldo, who will re-join the club after 12 years away. 
The Red Devils’ fans can expect a more direct and proficient goal-scorer, rather than the Ronaldo they last saw who was full of tricks and mazy dribbles. The Portuguese star has fine-tuned his game in the final third and become one of the most prolific number nines in the world.
While Solskjaer lacks a classy defensive midfielder, he is hoping that Ronaldo will be in a position to out-score most opponents and win games that way. Rotating at times with Edinson Cavani, Manchester United have two centre forwards that have been at the upper echelons of European football for decades. 
Alongside those two veterans of the game, Manchester United have young blood in Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Mason Greenwood to learn and soak up their invaluable knowledge.
It is an incredibly exciting time for fans of the club to witness a mixture of a youth and experience in the final third area of the pitch. Greenwood has already shown his appetite to score important goals, such as his last against Wolverhampton Wanderers, but one would expect the England international to find new levels working under Ronaldo.
The morale would inside the dressing room would have been boosted tenfold since the announcement, which is only going to spur the players on. There is a long season ahead but Manchester United fans can be excited about the reality of now seeing Ronaldo back at Old Trafford and leading the line.
With four goals in five games for Manchester United, Cristiano Ronaldo’s return has been impactful to say the least.
Re-signed just before the end of the transfer window, he has made as much of an impact on the pitch as off it.
There was never any doubt that the global superstar would slot back into Manchester United’s team as if he had never left, having clearly made direct goal-scoring contributions in his four appearances to date. 
With Ronaldo bearing the pressure of the shirt and club on his shoulders, it alleviates some of that from new signing Jadon Sancho, as well as Mason Greenwood, who is still only 19 years of age and finding his feet on the world stage.
Ronaldo has been there and done it, which is why his signing is as instrumental on the pitch for Man United as it is off it: teaching Greenwood and Sancho new habits and training methods in order to become the best version of themselves.
Sancho, it is fair to say, has not lit the world on fire as of yet, but his time will come. With the presence of Ronaldo, it certainly helps him, but Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will have to be patient in the transition period from Germany to England.
The English winger is used to be acres of space in front of him to run into with Borussia Dortmund, which has not been the case in the Premier League. It is a much more physically demanding and difficult league to adopt the same style of football to from other European countries, so an adjustment period for Sancho is needed.
Greenwood, on the other hand, has started the season brilliantly, having scored three Premier League goals, which have all been extremely important in helping Manchester United record points.
It is clear to see that there is a superstar-in-waiting in Greenwood, which will likely be down the middle as a number nine. His movements, intelligence, two-footedness, and pure shot power are something to behold, as you can see the makings of an elite centre forward with his best years ahead of him. 
For a striker who is only 19, Greenwood is mature beyond his years. And with Ronaldo’s presence every day by the Englishman’s side, his development is only going to accelerate at an electric rate over the course of the next two years.  
Ronaldo brings a presence to Manchester United’s team and squad that will remain present for as long as he dons the jersey. Greenwood, Sancho and the rest of the team will be acting as sponges around the Portugal international, hoping they can resemble the type of career and dominance he has sustained for decades.
Not since Cristiano Ronaldo last called himself a Manchester United player has there been such a glittering collection of world class talent in the Old Trafford dressing room. On individual quality alone, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer now has the players to win the biggest and most prestigious titles in English and European soccer.
Yet United’s performance in the 1-0 away win over Wolves exposed the weaknesses that are likely to stop Solskjaer from getting his hands on the Premier League trophy this season. While the visitors to Molineux claimed all three points to extend their unbeaten away run to a record 28 games, flaws were obvious.
Most notably, Manchester United were extremely vulnerable in the centre of the pitch. With Scott McTominay sidelined through injury, Paul Pogba was deployed in a double pivot alongside Fred who wasn’t able to handle the ferocity of the Wolves counter attack. Adama Traore in particular ran the Brazilian midfielder ragged.
At times, Fred’s performance verged on the comical as he held on for dear life as Traore surged past him time and time again. Admittedly, Traore is one of the most difficult players in the Premier League to stop once he builds up a head of steam, but Fred was also vulnerable on the ball. Wolves recognised his lack of composure when faced with a high press.
Solskjaer’s attack might now be the strongest in the Premier League with his defensive unit also strengthened greatly following the addition of Raphael Varane this summer, but he doesn’t appear to have the necessary players to strike a much-needed balance in the centre of the pitch.
Fred and McTominay have their individual qualities, as does veteran Nemanja Matic, but they are incapable of anchoring Manchester United’s attack-heavy team. This is a weakness that could cost Solskjaer side’s their shot at their first Premier League title since the retirement of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Every other title challenger has a number of central midfield options. Manchester City have Fernandinho and Rodri to sit deep while Chelsea have N’Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic. Fabinho is one of Liverpool’s most important players with Jordan Henderson also capable of holding things together in the middle of the pitch.
United don’t have anyone of Fabinho or Kante’s ilk. Pogba could potentially thrive in a midfield two like he does for France, but he needs someone like Kante to cover for him when his positional discipline occasionally lets him down. Fred, however, is even more prone to lapses of positional discipline.
The surprise addition of Ronaldo will give Manchester United the sort of attacking apex they have lacked since Robin van Persie played for the club. The legendary Portuguese forward will be a difference-maker, but Ronaldo might not have the platform he needs to truly achieve greatness in his second spell at United.
Progress has been made at Old Trafford in recent years. Their transfer strategy has addressed areas of weakness in the squad window-on-window to the point where Solskjaer only has one position he is seriously lacking in. That one position, though, could compromise everything else.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named the EA SPORTS Player of the Month for September 2021 after making an instant impact on his return to Manchester United.
The Portuguese scored three goals in as many Premier League matches after re-joining Man Utd from Juventus.
"Proud to be elected Player of the Month among so many great players in the Premier League,” Ronaldo said on the club's official website.
“Thanks to all my team-mates at Man Utd, couldn’t have done it without them. Let’s keep working hard and the results will come!”
Record gap
It is Ronaldo's fifth Player of the Month award, having won three successive league titles in his first spell at Old Trafford before leaving for Real Madrid in July 2009, and it is his first since March 2008. 
That gap of more than 13 years between Player of the Month prizes is the longest in Premier League history.
Cristiano Ronaldo was hot property in Gameweek 7, when he was the most-captained player. But his benching against Everton has caused a seismic shift in the Fantasy Premier League landscape.
Ronaldo is now the most-sold player ahead of Gameweek 8, and FPL expert Sam Bonfield explains in the latest episode of the FPL Show why she would go without the Manchester United forward on a Wildcard.
“I don’t know if we should be that surprised that he missed a game,” she says. “He very rarely played three games in a week for Juventus last season. Once the Champions League came we saw him regularly missing games here and there.
“We can’t forget that he’s one of the elder statesmen in the Premier League now. We shouldn’t think that because he’s going to cost he’s rotation-proof, because he isn’t. But I do think he’ll be back this weekend.”
